PLAN.md, before:

# Plan
Planning of backlogs and development process.

## Project milestones:

| Name                     | Description                                                                                 | Due date              |
| :----------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :-------------------- |
| Plan                     | Where you will plan this clone and create the initial documentation and prototypes on Figma | 2nd day(May 18, 2021) |
| Initialize               | Where you will initialize the environment ambient and flow of components                    | 3rd day(May 19, 2021) |
| App components           | Create all the components for the page or pages of Provi Webpage                            | 5th day(May 21, 2021) |
| App pages and/or context | Create pages and finalize hooks                                                             | 6th day(May 22, 2021) |
| Create and test the App  | Create unitary tests on components, hooks, and pages.                                       | 7th day(May 23, 2021) |


## First planning:

* [x] Use and create the [issues] section to add backlogs.
* [x] View the [projects] section to control and manage the development
* [x] Try to plan this app in your mind
* [x] Create the [milestones] on github section
* [x] Create a code quality test for control
* [x] Continue the development and documentation, actions on [Dev](https://github.com/savio591/provi-clone/tree/dev) branch 

Good luck! <3







[projects]: https://github.com/savio591/provi-clone/projects/1
[issues]: https://github.com/savio591/provi-clone/issues
[milestones]: https://github.com/savio591/provi-clone/milestones

Commit message:

Badge: Code quality #8 | Planning #7 | Stats #7

PLAN.md, after:

# Plan
Planning of backlogs and development process.

## Project milestones:

| Name                     | Description                                                                                 | Due date              |
| :----------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :-------------------- |
| Plan                     | Where you will plan this clone and create the initial documentation and prototypes on Figma | 2nd day(May 18, 2021) |
| Initialize               | Where you will initialize the environment ambient and flow of components                    | 3rd day(May 19, 2021) |
| App components           | Create all the components for the page or pages of Provi Webpage                            | 5th day(May 21, 2021) |
| App pages and/or context | Create pages and finalize hooks                                                             | 6th day(May 22, 2021) |
| Create and test the App  | Create unitary tests on components, hooks, and pages.                                       | 7th day(May 23, 2021) |


## First planning:

* [x] Use and create the [issues] section to add backlogs.
* [x] View the [projects] section to control and manage the development
* [x] Try to plan this app in your mind
* [x] Create the [milestones] on github section
* [x] Create a code quality test for control
* [x] Continue the development and documentation, actions on [Dev] branch 

Good luck! <3



## Second planning:

### Recreate the [Provi]'s landing page on figma:
- [x] Recreate the Provi landing page on a draft in [Figma]
- [x] Comment the finished links on this [issue](https://github.com/savio591/provi-clone/issues/5)
- [x] With the Figma project finished, you will be able to describe and understand the components, structure, and actions. So, you can create the backlogs/issues based on your Figma elements, components, and pages.
- [x] Register your work times, use each pomodoro cycle as metrics.
- [ ] Put your pomo cycles in a new article, called [STATS.md]

## Third planning:

All the new plans will be described on [issues] page.



[Figma]: https://www.figma.com/file/wUBzhofzIoWjlNo0ZdNbZ1/Provi-Challenge?node-id=0%3A1
[Dev]: https://github.com/savio591/provi-clone/tree/dev

[projects]: https://github.com/savio591/provi-clone/projects/1
[issues]: https://github.com/savio591/provi-clone/issues
[milestones]: https://github.com/savio591/provi-clone/milestones
[STATS.md]: ./stats.md

[Provi]: https://provi.com.br
