README.md, before:

# Provi Challenge
[![Good Code Quality](https://github.com/savio591/provi-clone/actions/workflows/codeInspector.yml/badge.svg?branch=dev)](https://github.com/savio591/provi-clone/actions/workflows/codeInspector.yml)
[![Unitary Tests](https://github.com/savio591/provi-clone/actions/workflows/jest.yml/badge.svg?branch=tests)](https://github.com/savio591/provi-clone/actions/workflows/jest.yml)

My project consists of clone the landing page of [Provi].
I want to use my abilities with Pure CSS, Javascript/Typescript, and ReactJS

## Objectives:

### Show my habilities with:
  * Create prototypes with [Figma]
  * Good domain of Git system and Github functionalities
  * HTML/CSS/JS knowledge
  * Domain of Typescript/ReactJS
  * Domain of ReactJS functionalities, especially with props and component systems.
  * Unitary tests with Jest

### Requirements:
* **Node:** v12+

## Starting the development

* A deploy build is available on my [site](https://savilexperiments.com.br/dualbank).

* To serve on the local machine, install dependencies with ``yarn`` or ``npm`` and start with ``yarn dev`` or `npm run dev`. Webpack will serve the webpage on port ``9000``

* To build, run `build` with yarn or npm. It will creates and pack up build on the `/dist` folder ready to deploy.



## Stacks🚀

* Node/Yarn
* ReactJS
* Typescript
* Webpack
* Babel
* Styled Components(CSS/SASS on JS)

## Planning
Details of the plannings and moods logs are available in [PLAN.md](./PLAN.md)

## Stats: 
Stats are available in [STATS.md](./STATS.md)

## Faqs:
* Why isn't used CRA or other boilerplates? **Hardware Limitations.**

## Instructions provided by Provi:

### Description
Your challenge is to clone a page or pages of a product that you love while utilizing any CSS framework. 
It can be anything (e.g: Spotify, Netflix, WhatsApp, you name it). Choose a product that you love and surprise us - 
you can even improve it with a feature that you would like to see.

One of the extra deliverables for this challenge is to create a [storybook] with your components. Storybook is a tool for UI development that functions by documenting and isolating components for testing and reuse. Even though it's not required, we highly recommend that if you plan on adding it to your project that you try building it from the start and not after most of your project is already done. You can read more about this component-driven approach that Storybook enables over [here].

### Create a React app
- [ ] it should use [CRA] or your any other boilerplate
- [ ] it should show retrieved data from a server, public API or a mocked JSON using a http library
- [ ] it should be responsive
- [ ] it should focus on components and code reusability
- [ ] it should be open sourced on your github repo

### Extras
- [ ] design it using figma, sketch our other design tool
- [ ] Support authentication using [JWT] and have a login system/authenticated routes
- [ ] create a [storybook] with your components
- [ ] tests using [jest]
- [ ] deploy it - good options may be [Firebase], [AWS] or [Netlify]

### Just finished? 💯
Great work! Send it to [luciano@provi.com.br], [dev@provi.com.br] and [gian@provi.com.br]
and you will receive and answer back from our side in 3 business days 🏃🏃


[Figma]: https://www.figma.com/
[Provi]: https://provi.com.br/
[storybook]: https://github.com/storybooks/storybook
[jest]: https://jestjs.io/
[Firebase]: https://firebase.google.com/docs/hosting
[AWS]: https://aws.amazon.com/
[Netlify]: https://www.netlify.com/
[CRA]: https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app
[JWT]: https://jwt.io/
[here]: https://www.componentdriven.org/

[luciano@provi.com.br]: mailto:luciano@provi.com.br
[gian@provi.com.br]: mailto:gian@provi.com.br
[dev@provi.com.br]: mailto:dev@provi.com.br

Commit message:

Text optmizing and prototype link added to README.md #7

README.md, after:

# Provi Challenge
[![Good Code Quality](https://github.com/savio591/provi-clone/actions/workflows/codeInspector.yml/badge.svg?branch=dev)](https://github.com/savio591/provi-clone/actions/workflows/codeInspector.yml)
[![Unitary Tests](https://github.com/savio591/provi-clone/actions/workflows/jest.yml/badge.svg?branch=tests)](https://github.com/savio591/provi-clone/actions/workflows/jest.yml)

My project consists of clone the landing page of [Provi].
I want to use my abilities with Pure CSS, Javascript/Typescript, and ReactJS

## Objectives:

### Show my habilities with:
  * Create prototypes with [Figma]
  * Good domain of Git system and Github functionalities
  * HTML/CSS/JS knowledge
  * Domain of Typescript/ReactJS
  * Domain of ReactJS functionalities, especially with props and component systems.
  * Unitary tests with Jest

### Requirements:
* **Node:** v12+

## Starting the development

* A deploy build is available on my [site](https://savilexperiments.com.br/dualbank).

* To serve on the local machine, install dependencies with ``yarn`` or ``npm`` and start with ``yarn dev`` or `npm run dev`. Webpack will serve the webpage on port ``9000``

* To build, run `build` with yarn or npm. It will creates and pack up build on the `/dist` folder ready to deploy.



## Stacks🚀

* Node/Yarn
* ReactJS
* Typescript
* Webpack
* Babel
* Styled Components(CSS/SASS on JS)

## Planning:
Detailed plannings and moods logs are available in [PLAN.md](./PLAN.md)

## Stats: 
Stats are available in [STATS.md](./STATS.md)

## Prototype:
The prototype created on Figma is [here](https://www.figma.com/file/wUBzhofzIoWjlNo0ZdNbZ1/Provi-Challenge?node-id=0%3A1)

## Faqs:
* Why isn't used CRA or other boilerplates? **Hardware Limitations.**

## Instructions provided by Provi:

### Description
Your challenge is to clone a page or pages of a product that you love while utilizing any CSS framework. 
It can be anything (e.g: Spotify, Netflix, WhatsApp, you name it). Choose a product that you love and surprise us - 
you can even improve it with a feature that you would like to see.

One of the extra deliverables for this challenge is to create a [storybook] with your components. Storybook is a tool for UI development that functions by documenting and isolating components for testing and reuse. Even though it's not required, we highly recommend that if you plan on adding it to your project that you try building it from the start and not after most of your project is already done. You can read more about this component-driven approach that Storybook enables over [here].

### Create a React app
- [ ] it should use [CRA] or your any other boilerplate
- [ ] it should show retrieved data from a server, public API or a mocked JSON using a http library
- [ ] it should be responsive
- [ ] it should focus on components and code reusability
- [ ] it should be open sourced on your github repo

### Extras
- [ ] design it using figma, sketch our other design tool
- [ ] Support authentication using [JWT] and have a login system/authenticated routes
- [ ] create a [storybook] with your components
- [ ] tests using [jest]
- [ ] deploy it - good options may be [Firebase], [AWS] or [Netlify]

### Just finished? 💯
Great work! Send it to [luciano@provi.com.br], [dev@provi.com.br] and [gian@provi.com.br]
and you will receive and answer back from our side in 3 business days 🏃🏃


[Figma]: https://www.figma.com/
[Provi]: https://provi.com.br/
[storybook]: https://github.com/storybooks/storybook
[jest]: https://jestjs.io/
[Firebase]: https://firebase.google.com/docs/hosting
[AWS]: https://aws.amazon.com/
[Netlify]: https://www.netlify.com/
[CRA]: https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app
[JWT]: https://jwt.io/
[here]: https://www.componentdriven.org/

[luciano@provi.com.br]: mailto:luciano@provi.com.br
[gian@provi.com.br]: mailto:gian@provi.com.br
[dev@provi.com.br]: mai
